Code Description:

The code works to build physical connectivty table for a customer network. It is used to build the connectivity table for a subset of the devices only within a customer network. lets say customer has 100 devices, and you are only interested in building a physical connectivity table for 50 of those devices to see how they are connected with each other only. code prints physical connectivity table to CSV files. Furthermoe this code helps Advanced services team in also building a physical topology diagram. How this is done, is basically the code can figure out how many links are going out per device to other deivces. This helps the engineer in building the topology by placing the devices with the most connection at the center of the diagram and devices with the least connections further to the border of the diagram.


Code accepts:

code accept one parent directory containg multiple directories reflecting the device names and within each device directory, there should be a "show cdp nieghbors detail file.


e.g.

ShowCDPfiles2

	Device1
		Show-cdp-ne-detail-file
	Device2
		Show-cdp-ne-detail-file
	Device3
		Show-cdp-ne-detail-file
	Device4
		Show-cdp-ne-detail-file



To do:

1) create driectory and sub files as shown above
2) Chnage file path of your directory in the code and go through the comment.
3) Change the string "files2" to match the last string in your directory name here: String [] filenamesegmented = directoryListing[i].toString().split("files2"); 
3.1) Otherwise keep the directory name as is suggested: "ShowCDPfiles2"



Considerations:

different devices have different formats within the "show cdp ne detail" output. code looks at "Device ID", "Interface", and "Port ID (outgoing port)" entries within these show cdp neighbors files

For example, 9912 devices have the following format -->

Device ID: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
SysName : 
Entry address(es): 
  IPv4 address: xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx
Platform: cisco WS-C3750X-24,  Capabilities: Switch IGMP 
Interface: MgmtEth0/RP0/CPU0/0
Port ID (outgoing port): GigabitEthernet2/0/1
Holdtime : 156 sec


while 7600, 6500, and 6800 devices have the following format ->

Device ID: xxxxxxxxx
Entry address(es): 
  IP address: xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx
Platform: cisco C9300-48P,  Capabilities: Switch IGMP 
Interface: GigabitEthernet9/4,  Port ID (outgoing port): TenGigabitEthernet1/1/1
Holdtime : 127 sec


Make sure you account for those differences in the code itself. The code should be properly commented to help in editing it.


Hope its uselful, and free to contact me for any assistance, my cisco ID: Ishaddad

